== Rack::ResponseSignature

Rack::ResponseSignature is a Rack middleware which can drop into any 
Rack-compliant application an add transparent response signing.  Response 
signing is done to verify to clients that the response is coming from a 
trusted source.  The signature is currently based on RSA Public/Private key 
pair signing.

Primarily, this is useful when verified-SSL is not an option.  This may occur 
when you are working on a shared host or other environment which utilizes 
wildcard certificates (like Heroku).  In this case, while the SSL certificate
may be verified with the Certificate Authority, it doesn't not ensure the 
identity of the serving party.

With this implementation:

* RSA keys of any strength may be used,
* SSL certificates are optional,
* Response signing is transparent,
* Response verification is simple

=== Installation

From the gem:

    $ sudo gem install rack-response-signature

From source:

    $ git clone http://github.com/nbibler/rack_response_signature.git
    $ rake package && sudo rake install

=== Basic Usage

==== Rack

Rack::ResponseSignature is implemented as a piece of Rack middleware and can 
be used with any Rack-based application.  If your application includes a 
rackup file (`config.ru`, for example) or uses Rack::Builder to construct the 
application stack, then require and use, like so:

    require 'rack/response_signature'
    
    use Rack::ResponseSignature, "my-private-ssh-key-for-signing"
    
    run app

The SSH key may also be read from a file with `File.read('private.key')`, as 
well.

==== Rails

To use this middleware with Rails, add this to your `config/environment.rb`,
to `config/environments/production.rb`, or to an initializer:

    config.middleware.use Rack::ResponseSignature, "my-private-ssh-key..."

You should now see `Rack::ResponseSignature` listed in the middleware stack:

    $ rake middleware

=== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Nathaniel Bibler <http://www.nathanielbibler.com/>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
